---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/worlds/p-cs/fabio-vallese/","tags":["Mafia","Mo"]}
---

[[Campaigns/Players/Balky\|Balky]]'s char for [[Campaigns/As Player/4. Mafia - Mo/4. Mafia - Mo\|4. Mafia - Mo]] Fabio was born into a big, poor goblin family. With more siblings than he could count, his parents struggled to feed him and as soon as he turned 8, he was put to work. Cleaning dishes at restaurants, sweeping chimneys, polishing shoes and delivering messages for the local mafia. He worked himself to the bone caring for his siblings. It was a tough life but it was the happiest he would ever be. It was the only memory he would have of his parents. 

Not long after his 9th birthday, a group of adventurers swept through his town, clearing all the goblin hideouts and massacring the local populace wherever they went. Fabio’s parents and many of his siblings fell victim to this attack. He still remembers the nights he spent hiding below dead bodies, trying to stay still as quiet as the adventurers celebrated their victory and looted the dead bodies. 

When he finally escaped, the mafia took him in. For him it was another family, another place to find love, care and responsibility. His life took on a single focus, finding and punishing the adventurers who had raided his hometown. He trained to be a hunter and [[Assassin\|Assassin]]. Soon the mafia mages discovered his magic talent and trained him to be a killer. He became a hardened tracker, investigator and murderer. But in his eyes he was doing it for his family, both the dead one and the criminal one. 

Then one day, he met someone who changed everything. A young [[Halfling\|Halfling]] Watchwoman who managed to arrest him. Her name was Ari Tallfellow and he immediately fell in love. Where he was dark and skeptical, she was light and loving. She taught him how to deal with his bitter feelings and how to finally love again. Once he was finally released from prison, the two of them bought a house and formed a duo Detective Agency. A mixture of bounty hunters and investigators, the two of them set out to make the world a better place. He had found a new family, but his old family had not forgotten him.

While investigating a crime committed by the Mafia, Fabio and Ari were attacked, fatally wounding his wife and only love. After the autopsy revealed her pregnancy, Fabio was devastated. For the 2nd time in his life, he had lost his family. Soon would come the 3rd time. 

Fabio spent the next 10 years of his life hunting down the Mafia, one member at a time. He made criminal connections and enemies. He spared no one, grunt, capio or boss. One by one, he killed them all and when he was done, he was finally alone in the world. Everyone he had ever loved were dead, the last of them, the Boss who had raised him lay dead at his feet. For the first time in his life, he wept. But he did not forget what Ari had taught him, to love for others and to protect those that were close to him. And he did not forget what his dying Boss had whispered in ear. His brother was still alive.