---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/worlds/p-cs/kanna/","tags":["Pirate","Balky"]}
---

[[Campaigns/Players/Jace\|Jace]]
## Kanna:

Origin: [[[Origin of the Umber Moonkissed\|[Origin of the Umber Moonkissed]] | Kanna](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1adq6zPW03Uc-4gFS43kSEXsenMOyUEpW1P3WyT4HNh8/edit)

Sheet: to be posted.
## Early Life

Far beyond the known continents across the vast ocean at the edge of the world, lies an uncharted archipelago surrounded by unforgiving and furious storms, where countless foreign [[Resources/Ships\|Ships]] were struck down by the tremendous flash of lightning and sunk into oblivion along with the thousand lives aboard, though very few vessels actually managed to get past the killer storms. This region of the island chain named after its reigning monarch, [[Worlds/Caermor/NPCs/Dumberdough\|Dumberdough]], is inhabited by various [[races\|races]] and beasts that the outlanders deem as myths and legends. Unbeknownst to the locals, it is also known by many other names: the Lost Wonderland, the Paradise, the World’s End, and maybe more, all made up by the outsiders based on flying rumors. However, these lands may not be as heavenly and wonderful as what the foreigners have heard of, or at least not to the planetouched girl who was born a miserable child slave on this very territory.

Pulled into the cruel world from an enslaved [human](Human.md) female, there is no right to freedom for the infant to begin with, except for a beautiful name given by her mother, Kanna, meaning gratitude in their language so that the girl would be grateful for all she has, despite her foreseeable harsh life. Living without much choice, Kanna grows to be stronger everyday, assisting her mother in slavery under a [dragonborn](Dragonborn.md) master at a silk farm that produces the finest fabric in the lands of [Dumberdough](Dumberdough.md). Both the mother and daughter are almost always seen covered with wounds and bruises inflicted with tools of punishment, from physical punches to leathery whips. These merciless assaults often leave everlasting scars over the mother’s aging body, but never on the otherworldly smooth umber skin of young Kanna.

Kanna’s unusually rapid rate of physical recovery has aroused her mother’s suspicion of her child’s undiscovered innate abilities, which drew her into paying more attention to her daughter and observing her more closely as days pass. Although it is unbelievable, the mother soon finds out that her daughter may be naturally gifted with what is called the Light in their culture’s divinity, which refers to a certain mystical energy harnessed by mortals, who are selected by the Goddess of Moon to conduct Her Majesty’s divine works. Considering that Kanna is too young to bear such responsibility and is certainly not ready for the truth, her mother decides to keep it a secret, not just from Kanna but also the public to avoid unwanted heed, until she is old enough to understand what lies ahead of her.

## Brightest Amongst the Starry Night
[[Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Zendaya\|Zendaya]], mother of Kanna, is a rather religious woman, a faithful one as well, who spends her lifetime worshipping and serving only one deity, the Goddess of Moon, named [[Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Serene\|Serene]] in her religion (commonly known as [[Selune\|Selune]] in other cultures), the same divine being she presumes to have blessed her daughter with sacred abilities, though many of them still have yet to be revealed. She believes that the time will come for her daughter to recognize her true purpose one day, just like how her time has come… to an end.

It all starts with the aged [Zendaya](Zendaya.md) with greyed hair falls unconscious on the rocky floor at the silk farm during her labour, and confined to bed ever since. The grown daughter, teen Kanna is forced to bear her mother’s enslavement and work for the silk factory during the day, and become an exotic dancer in a tavern at night to meet the expense of her mother’s treatment and medicine, but to no avail. Kanna also starts stealing food, swindling people for coins and picking locks for some old fashioned thievery, all merely for survival in [Dumberdough](Dumberdough.md) and never meant to cause any harm.

Completely unaware, a shadowing figure has also been watching Kanna through her daily life, well-hidden in the corners of darkness from the young girl’s sight standing neutral, their ultimate intention remains unknown. Witnessed by both the unknown shadow and the Goddess of Moon, [Zendaya](Zendaya.md)’s suffering as a slave has eventually come to an end as she stops her last breath in Kanna’s warming palms one year after she falls ill. Her last words are as below: “Oh Kanna, my darling. There is no need to waste so much tears and grieve for me. Just look up to the sky and seek the brightest amongst the starry night, and that will be me watching over you with the Moon by my side. May [Serene](Serene.md) bless you.”

Harnessing the Light as well as having faith in her mother’s religious belief, Kanna feels her mother has indeed been embraced by the goddess and transformed into one of her brightest tears, entirely free from her mortal pain and hardship in slavery. Although her mother’s passing is a tragic story to her life, she feels more relieved than sorrow knowing that her mother is at serenity now. Kanna continues living her life, the harsh treatment by the society makes her a tougher person as time passes, while the shadow keeps on drifting around her, ceaselessly observing the girl.

## Unveiled Gift of the Astral Self

Kanna, now developed into a mature woman with otherworldly natural beauty and voice, is no longer a stripper but a singer at the same tavern. Her performance of songs and tunes may not be as perfect as her voice but her overall charm has won many hearts of all [[races\|races]] in [Dumberdough](Dumberdough.md), attracting guests from around the islands to the tavern. Thanks to the prospering business, the tavern owner, a [tiefling](Tiefling.md), no longer treats her as a slave but someone more valuable than that, thus finally paying her dearly for her effort.

One day, Kanna inadvertently sees several child slaves being sold publicly at a dark alley, standing in a row like products displaying on the shelf, waiting for consumers to purchase them off their trader’s hand. The trader lashes whoever falls on their knees, too exhausted to even hold their legs to the ground. In the eyes of the strolling singer, she can almost feel the inflicted pain of the children in slavery, and be reminded of her unpleasant childhood.
  
Unable to stand watching the young lives suffering, the slumbering power within Kanna awakes and delivers a powerful blow of what seems to be her fist in astral form at the slave trader’s face a distance away, knocking it unconscious. She does not fully understand what just happens, but she quickly returns to her senses and releases the children from the cuffs that bind their freedom with the keys she retrieves from the fallen trader. One of the younglings, a horned one who introduces himself as [Chase](Chase.md), expresses his gratitude to Kanna before disappearing from the scene. Kanna thinks it is best not to stay for long, and swiftly makes an escape into another alley where she finally encounters the mysterious man in shadow who claims to be watching her after all this time.

“We finally met.” The man in robes says he has been waiting for this day long enough, to see her innate power manifested. He insists on bringing her to a certain place, concealed from the world but open to those who follow the path of the Light, once mentioned by her mother. With her heart truly desires the truth that her mother never has the chance to tell her, Kanna accepts his invitation and travels with him to an ancient temple deep in a forest known for its vicious wild beasts, where nobody, other than worthy adventurers and those who they refer to as moonkissed, dares to enter.

## Hidden Temple of the Moonkissed

Amidst the unearthly forest sets the grand temple, home and sacred to its many moonkissed practitioners of the religion called the [Vigil](Vigil.md), a secret peacekeeping order devoted to the [Serene](Serene.md), mainly composed of planetouched beings known as the moonkissed with a sense of righteousness to help those in need, by using their gifted talents from the goddess. In fact, [Dumberdough](Dumberdough.md) is not the only place where the [[Worlds/Caermor/Factions/Vigil\|Vigil]] exists. There are many [Vigil](Vigil.md) temples beyond the storms that serve the same purposes as this one. However, outsiders commonly collectively call their kind aasimars, and have no knowledge whatsoever of the terms like ‘moonkissed’, or ‘[Vigil](Vigil.md)’, not until they are actually told about them.

The [Vigil](Vigil.md) are trained in many ways based on their bestowed abilities, moonkissed with fighter traits such as astral forming and energy manipulation will be trained great warriors and sorcerers, ready for any threatening battle; those possessing intellect-based capabilities such as mind reading and cosmic awareness will be taught the knowledge of the Light as the preserver of their long history as well as the collection of the Artifacts related to [Serene](Serene.md), and Archives containing a vast array of knowledge.

Having displayed the former, Kanna starts her training as a Vigil apprentice under the same man who was the inspector of her life, named [Luris](Luris.md). Knowing his apprentice best from all his experiences watching over her throughout her past life prior to her recruitment, he teaches her well and makes her one of the best students in the temple after a decade. Obsessed with power and strength provided by the temple, Kanna sneaks into the [Vigil](Vigil.md) Archives in search of more possible methods to hone her abilities, thereby becoming more powerful than she already is. Unknowingly discovering forbidden books and secretly learning from them, her light is partly corrupted as she slowly surrenders herself to the path of the Shadow. It is already too late when [[Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Luris\|Luris]] finds out her practice of the Shadow, telling her it is a grave mistake that will cause her dying pain as the cost for the greater power, even bringing potential destruction to the temple.

## Voyage Beyond the Storms

Notwithstanding the fact that Kanna threatens the existence of the [Vigil](Vigil.md) temple by practicing the way of the Shadow, she is given a chance by the council for her outstanding merit - to find a lost artifact of the [Vigil](Vigil.md), a weapon once used by a great [Vigil](Vigil.md) master to eliminate the evil followers of the Shadow, and brings peace to the world. It is believed to be able to purify Kanna’s corrupting Light so she can return to her greatness of becoming a [Vigil](Vigil.md) once again.

Carrying the [Vigil](Vigil.md) emblem and the codebook given by her Master [Luris](Luris.md) with her, to remind her that she is still a [Vigil](Vigil.md) to the core, she sails across the storms on a boat through a safe passage guided by the temple, and her journey officially begins.
  
The End. Or is it just The Beginning?
