---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/root/worlds/faerun/factions/the-gnashers/","tags":["Faerun"]}
---

Gnashers

The Gnashers has been a [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Thorn Durst\|thorn]] in [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Dagult Neverember\|Dagult Neverember]]’s side since the moment that he stepped foot on [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] after its catastrophe, and they haven't slowed down since. They are adamant in insuring that Dagult never knows a moment of peace as the Lord Protector. They will not negotiate with him, will never even debate with them, even if anything from Dagult would even benefit them, they will refuse out right. They will rather see [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] burn to the ground and be salted over than have [[Dagult Neverwinter\|Dagult Neverwinter]] save it. This is a group that has devoted their lives, their fortunes, and their collective sacred honor, living morning noon and night to openly resist Dagult [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]], as the Lord Protector, as the head of the [[Lord’s Alliance\|Lord’s Alliance]], and as a living [[Human\|human]] being.

Does this remind you of someone you know in real life? You’ve no doubt seen one on Television, and definitely seen one on the internet.

The Gnashers, or the “Nashers” as they prefer to be called, have been autistic screeching at Dagult [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] since 4th Edition and will probably be screeching at 6th Edition. They are so extreme that they broke off form their former group, the Sons of Alagondar, especially when the older members sided with Stephanie Algondar and her becoming Mayor. They found Stephanie’s desire to work with Dagult to bring [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] back from the ashes Blasphemy, and the Graycloaks’ (the older members of the Sons of Alagondar) siding with her abject Treason.

Because of this, they have killed Graycloaks and have assaulted Stephanie on more than one occasion. Efforts on quelling their actions have some success, but they still keep popping up with near constant regularity. The people of [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] [[Fear\|fear]] the Gnashers will not be stopped even when [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] dies. They would rather see [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Neverwinter\|Neverwinter]] destroyed than have anyone who they don’t approve fixing it, or die and be turned into undead than consider taking the hand of anyone from ‘Them,’ who is rescuing them. A Gnasher once looked [[Root/Worlds/Faerun/Factions/The Gnashers\|The Gnashers]]at Sargent Knox while being chased by Valindra Shadowmantle, and froze in his tracks. Knox held out his hand to help, but the idiot was more terrified at Knox than at the lich who just ran him through. That would give anyone nightmares.
