---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/ongoing-campaign/20-one-piece/20-one-piece/"}
---

*Use [[Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Elishar Feverfew\|Elishar Feverfew]]


### **Session 0** *01/07/23*
 Finalised Character creation

### **Session 1** *08/07/23*
Sailed to the Sun Priest island
### **Session 2** *29/07/23*
Session 1 29/7/23

> In game date: 23/7/534

Char introduction

**[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]** introduces her backstory.  Her kids have been kidnapped by the navy and she wants them back. 

Captain worrying weather.

The crew go to a  golden temple. They are given a quest to deliver a Box secured with metal chains. They have to deliver it to an island. They are given contacts to meet rather an address. There are cries from the box. Like a baby but oddly animalistic. It is a winged cat being stored in the box.

The dockmaster provides the crew with 1 week of free food and housing. Most of the ships docked at the port were sporting religious flags. Their parking token was Solid gold.

The mansion they were supposed to go to belongs to [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Father Flows\|Father Flows]].  

They spy on the mansion from far away as soon as they arrive, there’s a meeting taking place between priests and knights on the second floor.

They walk up the hill to the mansion and knock on the door, they are led up to the second floor. The Meeting has dispersed. A single knight ([[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Thomas Wake\|Thomas Wake]]) is drinking wine from a goblet. The mansion is lavishly decorated. There is a big dining table covered with a massive map of the island.

The center of the island is dominated by a massive volcano. South part of volcano filed to the brim with houses. The Northern and eastern parts are filled with forests and wilderness.

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Sailor Twift\|Sailor Twift]] is a popular performer in the city. Sister of [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Tailor Twift\|Tailor Twift]].  [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Sailor Twift\|Sailor Twift]] is having a performance at 3 pm in the town square. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Father Flows\|Father Flows]] gives the crew some pendants. [[Resources/Equipment/Amulets/Pendant of the gold sun\|Pendant of the gold sun]]. Serves to show the alignment of the ppl to the sun. 

The crew investigates the magic of the Pendant. They can see threads that emerge from the pendants and head north.  The pendants make people irrationally happy and agreeable. It also provides a very soft hypnosis effect. 

The crew visit the Hospital. They see a long hall with beds on the side. Half of them are empty. One knight was injured with a large gash. A whole group of priests were keeping the knight alive. The wound was possibly made by a weapon. A sharp blade. Set out to heal the knight to the best of their ability.

Large sculpture with floating sun on top in the centre of the town.

[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] decides to put the pendant on. The religious pendant makes [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] feels rather light and bright.  She thinks: Who needs kids?

Nova went to the bar. The drink is free.

They open a cat container. A winged cat zooms out of the box. Golden white fur. Wings like a blur. Shockwave of light. Everyone present get hit and blinded. Golden cat with sun.

The captain and [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] went to the pet care. [[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]] and Captain were taking care of the animal. The animals were kinda suspicious. The caretaker storms off after an argument with [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] and [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]]. The pair snuck into the back room. The room had some medical tools and a medical table. They see the caretaker clip the flying cats wings. They wait for the caretaker to leave and spy on the back of the building. There is a loading bay and a cart waiting. The cart is filled with cages, some empty  and one had a cate in it. It also had Golden pendants and snacks for the road. Signs of frequents trips.  

Middle of the forest with the cats.

> [!caption|left] 
> Note:  Do not look into his eyes. 
> Written 3 times.

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] drives the cart. The destination is a cave at the side of a sloping mountain. The cave is deep with sun motif. Four knights dressed in armour with sun motif are guarding an entrance inside the cave.  Stopped the cart where it was. A Spanish Cart was accosted but not stopped. All cages were unloaded. He returned to the warehouse.  Tarp to cover the cargo.

Met at the concert. A full house. Groupies present

Anti hero. Plays with the song from [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Sailor Twift\|Sailor Twift]].

Two groupies clashing.

[[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]] gets tapped in the shoulder and stabbed.
###  **Session 3** *12/08/23*
Session 3
-[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Renry\|Renry]] – Follower 1 – Pomeranian Incident Report – Administrative Office 
o	Night shift
o	11 pm glass break door and window
o	Someone going through documents
o	Leaped out of the window 
•	Which documents the person was going through, any clues, hairs, where they moved around in the room, just any traces of this person
•	2nd – walking away – hurt leg – away from town –towards of outskirts city – smaller size footprint – [[Resources/Equipment/Shopping/Blue Rose 34\|Blue Rose 34]] perfume 
o	[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Margaret Hatter\|Margaret Hatter]] – First Street 
	Another industrialist – very powerful, not as much as Holt
o	Hubert Callan – another industrialist 
•	Dude – wearing all black jumped into the water. 
•	Letter – from the Dog Council – Rufus – found my kids – destination for an Island
### **Session 4** *19/08/23*
**Sesh notes/ discussion 19/8/2023**

[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] Refused to be involved on combat and walked outside.

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] were in combat with knight. Managed to escape.  

We’re going to another port preferably with a smithy.

> In game date: 25/7/534

[[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Arholm Chain\|Arholm Chain]].

Experimental steel ships anchored in the bay. These are prototype steam ships. They keep sinking but are being constantly improved.

Parking meter at the docks for the ships arriving. Skyscrapers fill the city, especially the centre. The outskirts of the city has Factories. Humble port.

Upgrades to the ship. Workshop.

Name of one of the biggest corporations on the island is Holt productions. Arnold Holt. Industrialist. Has really pale skin and looks sickly. The crew is summoned to his office to complete the job they had.  They arrive at his skyscraper and are lead upstairs via an elevator. Beautiful and bright office. Décor plants in the office are called Fred, Bob, George. They are very smug n arrogant. 

History of the island - 
Most advanced city of the world.
Hundreds of small corporations.

Job Description - 
Blueprints were stolen rival industry/corporation.
Someone framed [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]].
Pride must be sated.
They are promised 5k for the compensation. 20% deposit. 1k
Track down the blueprints.
Misdirection there and sighted.
### **Session 5** *26/08/23*

[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] investigates the poorer parts of town. The locals have no access  to health care. They work 12 hr shifts. Superiors does not care with workers as long as they’re not dying. Many of them have lung related health issues due to working in factories. [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] notices a young man with cuts on his hand. The cut seems to be from glass. The youth is cagey.
The suspicious boy’s name is [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Eduardo\|Eduardo]]. [[Campaigns/Players/Abyss\|Abyss]] finds out the apartment block where they reside.

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]]and [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] went to the bar. They talk to the bartender but got sussed out to be a health inspector and avoided. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Renry\|Renry]] went walking. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] notices dogs barking and sees a dog pound with wire fence. There are robot dogs (experimental and clunky) in the yard. The dogs are following commands of scientists that seem to be studying them. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] buys a dog, along with a raincoat for the robot and other things. 

Spirits check ([[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]]). Gambling, someones cheating at a card game and theres going to be a fight. Accusing of the person of cheating and the other person just said get good. Captain succeeds stealth and steals the money on the table before leaving (50 gp)

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] talked to a drunk person at the bar who gave him the following information:
- Lots of ppl got fired from Holt. Not appreciated by Holt even after working for 20 years. 
- The drunk man was apparently fired for no reason.
- Drinking at work was the actual reason.

Yang spotted and followed an edgy guy. The guy leaves the bar and whistles and a steampunk limo comes to pick him up. The person grumbles and enters the car before it speeds off. The number plate is HOLT 3.

### **Session 6** *02/09/23*
**Next sesh 020923**

[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] agreed to take the harness off of [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Renry\|Renry]] . 

A nervous, sweating Rabbit person gives them a tour of the factory.  There is an assembly floor with metal stairs along the left wall leading up to an office overseeing the floor. Workers of various races are at work.  The rabbit takes the crew to the administrative office. He flits through the paper and finds them an incident report.

The report states - From security guard, at night. 11pm. Signs of break in. Saw someone was riffling through the files and run away when caught. 

The crew speak to the factory workers. Paul Blart lookin headass. Guard. 

Night shift works between 12 am to 12 pm. Day shift covers the other 12 hours. 

Rabbits don’t live in snowy climates.

Tried talking to an [[elvish\|elvish]] worker, but was pushed back. [[Campaigns/Players/Abyss\|Abyss]] was suspicious because elven races have mechanical negative.  Search around the perimeter. For any signs.

They went around the back and investigated the crime scene, the thief hurt themselves while they landed. They limped away out of the town and into the wilderness.
They find traces of a distinct perfume [[Resources/Equipment/Shopping/Blue Rose 34\|Blue Rose 34]]

They go to a perfume shop run by cantankerous [[dwarf\|dwarf]]. The dward has to climb on a stool. To look over the counter. He mentions that he has had lots of customers in one day.

He tells them about the floral series that he had. Including rose perfumes. He mentions that not many people like it. The perfumes are expensive side. A woman usually buy [[Resources/Equipment/Shopping/Blue Rose 34\|Blue Rose 34]]. The womans name is Miss [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Margaret Hatter\|Margaret Hatter]]. 

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] takes the amulets to a smith and has the [[Resources/Equipment/Amulets/Pendant of the gold sun\|Pendant of the gold sun]] melted for gold. As they are being melted and they hear screaming.

The crew then heads to the port as the suspect that they are getting mixed up in things beyond their power. The ships was surrounded with cops with crime scene tapes. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Detective Hopper\|Detective Hopper]] and his men is guarding the port and the ship. [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] sneak on to the ship. They find that something was stolen from the ship. There are strange people in the cargo hull talking about the cat. When spotted, they jump into the ocean.
They talk to [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Detective Hopper\|Detective Hopper]], who tells them that a crazy person wearing all black jumped off the ship. He accuses the ship crew of stealing from the town.

[[Callon Hubert\|Callon Hubert]] controls the police and is blackmailing the crew to work for him. There is a conflict on the island. Mr Holt is holding onto power. Other ppl were trying to wrest power. 

The cops tell the crew that they can’t just let anyone operate freely. Theres a risk of Foreign agents.

[[Campaigns/Players/Abyss\|Abyss]] casts confusion, cast succeed. 
> In game date: 26/7/534

The crew escapes. One day out from the island, they receive a mail via albatross. The letter states that [[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]]’s kids were taken. Most children were missing. Something’s fishy was happening to the ship. Talk of Child soldiers.
### **Session 7** *09/09/23*

> In game date: 30/7/534

Captain lets the cat out and it explores the ship. 

Notice check.  Near the [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]], they see a naval battle being fought between 3 naval ships and one pirate crew. 

As they sail towards the island, one of the naval ships peels away from the battle and sails towards them to intercept them. At the prow stands [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]]. He shouts at the crew to release his wife ([[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]). He jumps on board and is immediately slaughtered because [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] tells the crew that he is evil and they should kill him. They loot the captain and find 100$ and Pictures of [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]] in the navy and his fellow sailors. They intimidate the rest of the crew into surrendering. The crew are made up of fresh academy graduates and they very scared and unexperienced. 

They tell [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] that Commodore [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Greenbow\|Greenbow]] is in charge of [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]]. Point at the other ship engaged in battle.

A young beagle assembles the crew [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Deagle\|Deagle]] the Beagle. Lieutenant [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Deagle\|Deagle]]. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]’s kid’s are supposed to have a prestigious life.

Security dog.

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]] used to be a Warrant officer at the local marine base. He smuggled puppies off the island. The navy prioritises Dog people for recruitment because they are strong, loyal and good at fighting.

The crew ask them wich one of you has family at home. They believe that the dog crews were indoctrinated. One of the two naval ships still fighting is sunk and the other limps back to port. The crew blackmails [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Deagle\|Deagle]] into taking them into port as fake prisoners. They ask for the ship to be repaired by the local shipwrights.

Result of Fight:
- 1 navy ship sunk.
- 1 Navy ship belonging to Admiral [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Lancce\|Lancce]] damaged and in port for repairs.
- 1 Navy ship completely undamaged.
- 1 pirate ship earthy red. Single sail, fast af. Survived.
- Crew's Ship "captured"  by the navy.
- [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]] killed.
- [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Deagle\|Deagle]] left in charge of the ship and field-promoted to Captain.

The Commodore and most of the navy marines head in land to drink and rest while their ship is repaired. [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] sneaks into the commodore cabin. \
He finds orders from Admiral [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Lancce\|Lancce]]. The orders are to segregate the dog women, decimate the retirement island, ensure control of the main island and evacuate the valuable breeding stock to Naval HQ. 

He robs the cabin and finds the following - 400$, Plenty of personal item, Rings and jewellery $200, +1 to skill. After this the captain and[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\| Caladrius]] destroy the ship. They manage to get as many of the naval soldiers to evacuate as possible. The captain also fights and kills 10 sailors. 

The head to [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s house. It is a big Mansion in the shape of a kennel. The main island of [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]] is filled with big wealthy dog kennel mansions.
[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s mansion has a lawn, greenhouse and servants quarters. The mansion is a safe zone for the crew. 

Safe the women and the kids.

Four year olds.

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Tracker\|Tracker]] comes to [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s house to ask questions. He has heard that shes finally home. They talk about why she left and he tries to talk her out of chasing her kids down. He asks questions about the pirate attacks but [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] denies it. They go to the bank together. The banker reviews [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s financial assets folder. Not in the green.  They are in debt due to [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]]'s brewery. 1000000 $ debt for the mansion. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]] was paid 100k for each child sent to the Navy. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] inherited all the debt.

[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\| Caladrius]] went to the convenience store to purchase some treats.

The navy was crowding the bar, kicking the locals out. The people did not at all seemed pleased. The crew goes in to the bar. [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] sits next to Commodore [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Greenbow\|Greenbow]].  They have a short back and forth. They crew keep their indentity secret.

A Siberian husky approaches and starts flirting with the commodore. She is [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]], Head councillor of [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]]. A bull dog slides to the other side of the captain and talks to him once [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Greenbow\|Greenbow]] is distracted. [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\| Caladrius]] is beside the captain.  The bulldog is [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Rubble\|Rubble]], Head of construction on the island. He tells them that the Navy is terrorising the island for some time and wants the help of the captain.

[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] heads to the Beach on the eastern side of the island. It is dark and isolated. He finds the pirate ship grounded on the soft sand. There are people repairing the ship. He approaches the ship, there are 5 female dogs on the ship. Some of them have gone into town for supplies, while the others fix the ship. They look like theyre used to working together and are experienced sailors.  These are the [[Worlds/Kathor/Factions/Alpha Crew\|Alpha Crew]].

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Rubble\|Rubble]] arrives at the beach with [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\| Caladrius]] and [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] and introduces the two groups before any conflict begins. The [[Worlds/Kathor/Factions/Alpha Crew\|Alpha Crew]] are wearing [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] shirts. The two crews decide to team up and defeat the navy and recover their kids. 

Mistletoe - First Mate (Captain in reality, but technically [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] is the captain.)
Rest of the crew - Ozzie, Athena, Kellogg, Matzo,Frazier, Inky.

[[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] is mailing their stuff at the Post Kennel. 

Elderly dogs were exiled.
### **Session 8** *16/09/23*
**Sesh 16/09/23**

The crew shows them Admiral [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Lancce\|Lancce]]'s orders. They were mortified by what was insinuated with said orders and told the crew that their 'fears were true'. One of the dog crew shared their grandma's diary. Where it states there's a lot of blood drive being done for some unknown reason. 

It was then established that the best course of action would be going back to the main island in order to gear up to prepare to investigate the last island.
The crew then returned to the main island. In the meantime, the Commodore called for a search of whoever that sunk the ship. The Island is under martial law.

Caladrius, talks to a tree. The tree shares its fears of being alone and unable to spread its seed. Caladrius agrees to take its coconuts and plant them elsewhere. They got 4 coconuts and some info on people being ferried off by shark ppl to the fourth island. As they were leaving the beach, the crew sees the marines doing a search in force.
Mercy asked what they were searching for and Caladrius informs him of captain's action during previous campaign, (sinking the commodore's ship).

The crew splits up. Caladrius decided to stealth to the centre of town where the trees are.
[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] went to the ship, only to be stopped by the navy. The ship was cordoned off. First, they were told off, but then they were recognized as a suspect.
It led to a chase and a fight. [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] won, killing 10 navy marines. He then returned to the ship, freed his sailors and ordered them find a place to hide the ship.
As they were on their way to find the hiding place, they were boarded by shark pirates holding ak47s.  [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] tries to shoot them before they board but misses. They turned out to be actually dolphin people. They were working with the person who owned the 4th island. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Mister Monday\|Mister Monday]].  The captain was taken to the island at gunpoint.

[[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] managed to send the parcel with express delivery along with postercard of [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]] for a low low price of 20$. Seeing that there's a search going around, Nova decided to stay put in the post office and help with the sorting. The dog employee decided to let them hide out. A navy personnel walked in and asked if there's anyone suspicious present in the premises. The post kennel employee lied, covering for [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]]. The sesh ends with Nova still sorting through a mountain load of unsent mail. There was a parcel sent by Admiral [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Lancce\|Lancce]] addressed to [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]].

While hiding, [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\| Caladrius]] hears people erecting something at the town square. Its an execution block where people are to be hung. While the construction was underway, he hears [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] talking to [[Worlds/PCs/Chase\|Chase]] about buttering up the navy to get the promotion, there they will have a better life together. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] talks to the trees, it turns out [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Chase\|Chase]] were... lovers? The poor trees were unfortunate enough to see the pair having fun among the bushes.
Once the execution deck was set up, the criminals were brought there. It was [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Marshall\|Marshall]], [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Rubble\|Rubble]] and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Rocky\|Rocky]]. They were the ones to be executed. Caladrius looked around from the tree to see the Alpha Crew standing on the rooftops helplessly watching to see what's about to happen. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] mentions that the criminals were to be punished, then [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]]'s hold over the island would be absolute. He decided to act then, using his powers to distract the navy, [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Chase\|Chase]]. In the chaos, the [[Worlds/Kathor/Factions/Alpha Crew\|Alpha Crew]] joins in and helps the captives escape.  The trees promise to hide Caladrius as much as they can. Caladrius decided to use the confusion to shoot [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Chase\|Chase]].
with explosive arrows. They died in 2 shots. All the while working the crowd into a frenzy against the navy. Caladrius prompted to start a small revolution. Then in the thick of it all, Caladrius executed [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Everest\|Everest]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Chase\|Chase]]. Citing their allegiance to the Navy was a mistake that prompted their death.

Meanwhile Mercy is at the beach making sandcastles.

None of the dogs were injured so proposed to the other island. The retirement island. No dogs below 55 is allowed in. The [[Worlds/Kathor/Factions/Alpha Crew\|Alpha Crew]] moored the ship a safe way away. They crawled through the gap in the fence. All moved in except Mistletoe. The whole island is deserted. The elderly dogs were relocated at least 5 months ago.

1st the dog shelter

2nd elderly

3rd Immigration centre

4th island is a private property with a large tower that looks like a lab.

Local Admiral from the Admiralty board - Admiral [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Lancce\|Lancce]]

### **Session 9** *23/09/23*
**Sesh 230923**

[[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]] is with [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Tracker\|Tracker]] at the bank (Flashback because Niki missed last session). Chihuahua, [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Fracker\|Fracker]] [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Tracker\|Tracker]]’s cousin, the bankteller.  There’s a discussion of the house value and there’s a discussion of the kids with all that. 20 mil dollars was the value of the house.  [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] gets a bit greedy. 

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Tracker\|Tracker]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]], there’s some question needed to be asked. Who would need to sacrifice all the riches in order to go to piracy in order to find the children. Argument about kids being the navy and the perks of being one. Tracker asks Alpha to check in with the police when she needed to leave the island.

[[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]] goes home to read the letter. It's a loan default letter. The instalments haven’t been paid. There’s a warning on the payment. Either the payment was settled, or the house will be ceased. She can pay through the navy's retirement funds but will need to file a death certificate. The only person who can vouch for [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Chickpea\|Chickpea]]'s death is [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Deagle\|Deagle]]. 

Caladrius, was escaping from the riot that they made.  He lead the alpha crew and the rescued prisoners to [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s mansion, to meet with the crew at the mansion.
They decided that they needed to get off the island. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] proposed to stay here in the house. Small disagreement, they left the house. Mercy is still playing in the water.

Nova was asked to leave the post kennel, the time is past closing. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] tried to listen in on the guards but got nothing.

> In game date: 31/7/534

Sailed to the next island. It is a massive slum, shantytown. The crew follow mistletoe in to the island as she has connections with the local gang leader [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]] and knows way around and stuff. They reach a big Courtyard, filled with mutts and halfbreeds. A Large mutt sits in an elevated throne in the middle of the courtyard. This is [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]], local criminal gang leader. No navy dared to land on the island. It’s [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]]’s land.  The crew has an argument and [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] insults [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]], starting a fight. 

### Side Mission 1 - [[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]]\

A Spanish cat 
### **Session 10** *30/09/23*

Tried to heal the crew but kept failing the roll.

No critical fail.

[[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]] managed to secure the ship and the old people. Discussed the next game plan. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Scruffy\|Scruffy]] planned on going through guerilla tactic with the whole place. Mercutio proposed a counter plan or rather fine tuning.  With the tactics, they imposed the modifier, improved weapons and concealment.

**Logistics**

1 smol boat

1 sloop

1 caravel

Commodore [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Greenbow\|Greenbow]] is still on the island.

190 navy on the main island.

Old dogs wants the island back to the island police navy.

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Zeke\|Zeke]] excited looking Australian Shepard.

They explore the slums and in an apartment, meet [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Ziggy\|Ziggy]], a claimant to the throne of slum dog millionaire island. The other claimants are [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Intellectus\|Intellectus]] and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/June\|June]]. Are the other claimant. All three were lieutenants of [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]] and now that he was dead, they were having a conflict. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Zeke\|Zeke]] is vaguely irritated with the offer from the crew for his alliance. He has 20 trained fighters.

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Intellectus\|Intellectus]] is an idiot. He is a black n white dog, with a black ring like a monocle around his eye. He lives in an isolated tower in the highest part of the slums. He watches for storms from this place. There is a massive jury-rigged lightning rod jutting out of the tin roof. He offers the crew his support if they take him with them, his wish is to sail the seas and eventually find the [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Everstorm\|Everstorm]]. He brings out of the helmet looking like springs, to control the [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Everstorm\|Everstorm]].

[[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/June\|June]], [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]]’s girlfriend is camping out in the courtyard with 4 bodyguards. She agrees to join the crew if they get her a mansion and rich lifestyle on the main island, as retribution for the death of [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pochi\|Pochi]].

They kill [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Ziggy\|Ziggy]] and ally themselves with [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/June\|June]] and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Intellectus\|Intellectus]] for reclaiming the main [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]].

Dog gang total strength
- 15 sailors and 60 fighters.
- 4 canons
- Reconstructed wreckage.

### **Session 11** *07/10/23*
### **Session 12** *14/10/23*
### **Session 13** *21/10/23*

[[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] head down to the port to meet [[Worlds/Dard\|Dard]]. They are ready for an ambush if there’s one. 
[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] is standing on one of the building and prepping to provide ranged support. [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] hides in a nearby building. 

The deal was struck.  The [[Worlds/Kathor/Factions/Alpha Crew\|Alpha Crew]] and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/June\|June]] were scapegoats. The1 million dollars in funds. Deed to [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]’s house was recovered. Debts were cleared for all on [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]]. Have 2 ships to our name.

A week of travel to the shipwright island

Now we’re known to the navy

Albatross, newspaper.

Bounties. On each head. 20k captain 30k, [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] 0
### **Session 14** *28/10/23*

> In game date: 8/8/534

Currently in a vacation island.

[[Sherry\|Sherry]] the manager. A wooden construct. Robot.

[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] is the first one to go they went to the hills or mountains to go to the spa n chill.

[[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]] opts for a walk n stuff.

[[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]] went to the casino and what not. With 10k credit, managed to get 13 plushies.

[[Campaigns/Players/Crys\|Crys]] wrote a letter to their fam and bought several souvenirs.

[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] tries to talk to the plants but they are too eager to please and scared of disappointing him. He suspects theres something evil afoot. He asks for new plants to be sent and is given [[Steve the plant\|Steve the plant]]. 

[[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]] goes gambling and wins a yacht.  Drinks Milktails. He also gets a cat girlfriend. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] and [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] had a heart to heart. Talked about family and love life of all things.

[[Campaigns/Players/Chao\|Chao]] talked to the navy ppl. They tell him about pirates in the area and a ship called Nova Spitfire. The navy ppl were power hungry n annoying

[[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] smoked some star anise joint. The drugs effect makes her leave her body and astral project. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] talked to the plant. [[Worlds/PCs/Steve\|Steve]] is its name. [[Sherry\|Sherry]] is annoyed n just wants things to be over. Diseased plants and medicinal plants.

The crew receives Mail. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]]'s kids were released, spoiled n unruly. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Scruffy\|Scruffy]] tells them about the restructuring of [[Worlds/Kathor/Locations/Dog Island\|Dog Island]]'s economy.  Nova got mail from their wife.
All the crews bounty has been updated. Crew bounty - 50k captain -100k. The final mail is an invitation to the dinner with [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/MindFang\|MindFang]].

The crew are invited to dinner with Marquise [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/MindFang\|MindFang]]. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/MindFang\|MindFang]] is currently having a meeting with [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pac Famar\|Pac Famar]]. They are both powerful pirates in the south seas. 
She is also [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]]'s Mother.  The meeting is being held in a casino and is filled with her pirates and lieutenants. A table has been set aside for the crew.  [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Celesta\|Celesta]] approaches the crew and apologises for [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/MindFang\|MindFang]] being busy. She entertains them with conversation while they wait for the meeting with [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pac Famar\|Pac Famar]] to end.  She can control skeletal figures. The negotiations between Marquise and [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pac Famar\|Pac Famar]] are about a brewing war and control over the south sea.

The negotiations go sideways with a giant EXPLOSION.
A Big Snake smashes through the roof and starts picking off the pirates in the casino. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Rowan\|Rowan]] summons a big wall of thorns to block the flames from destroying the rest of the casino. The far end of the casino has been ripped apart by the explosion. Nova flipped the table to hind behind. [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] fell on the floor. [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Celesta\|Celesta]] strums her guitar loudly, summoning spectral ghost soldiers as she starts to fly. [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] is traumatised by the loud noises and collapses. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] picked [[Worlds/PCs/Caladrius\|Caladrius]] up and carried him out while hes screaming. [[Worlds/PCs/Nova Yang\|Nova Yang]] follows. [[Worlds/PCs/A Spanish Cat\|A Spanish Cat]] jumps on the snake to fight it and stabs it in the eyes. The snake jerks and throws the captain into the ocean. [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] walked out of the battered building and joined with the group. The captain landed near [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Pac Famar\|Pac Famar]]'s ship. The ship is bombarding the casino with cannonfire. As everyone watches, [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/MindFang\|MindFang]] does a powerful attack, summoning a giant fist to fly down from the heavens and strike the battleship. The ship is broken in two parts. The crew decides to flee. The captain slaughters random enemies in the ocean.

They gathered on the ship and yacht and fished out the captain from the sea.

They decide to head to Tuesdays island.

> In game date:  15/8/534
### **Session 15** *04/11/23*

> In game date: 22/8/534

Some form of downtime until reaching the Tuesday’s island.

**Recon plan.**

Get someone from the inside to tell the layout of the whole structure and key points of interest. [[Worlds/PCs/Alpha\|Alpha]] might come in handy with this. With their mind reading.

**Raid plan**  
Loot priorities, the armory and labs. If there are any. To better suit the crew with better gear. To know what kind of people we were up against. If the lab was not something that we like, possibly destroy the thing too. That would be [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]]’s main priority.

**Tuesday’s Island**

Mostly flat the size of the smol country with Rolling hills and grasslands. There’s a large city about couple hundred thousand ppl in capacity. There are no docks on the south side of the island. The city looks like a layered cake with skyscrapers that get taller towards the centre of the city.  In the middle of it a tall building for about 5 storeys. Plants are undead. 

Squat, square, stone building near where they landed. Not very defensible. Dark and gloomy room. Person being sad drinking. [[Worlds/Dard\|Dard]] from the navy. Nursing a beer. [[Worlds/Dard\|Dard]] needs help with a rescue operation. His real body is trapped on Sub level 73. Trapped in the Tuesday’s tower, in the centre of the city. Makes an illusion about their capture. He also shows them the faces of the weekdays, but only Monday’s face was given.

Zombis soldiers.

Baron Von Vaughn

Metal mask and doesn’t show their face.

Loose zombie skin that was stacked in a pile. Of the guard house.

Interrogated the zombies for the information inside the room. All the town are zombies. Meeting VIP zombies. [[Campaigns/Players/Niki\|Niki]] tried to steal the head zombie's hat and aggravates the zombies. They start shouting **THIEF THIEF THIEF THIEF** and capture the crew. Everyone, barring [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] gets carted off towards the tower.
### Side Mission 2 - [[Campaigns/Players/Abyss\|Abyss]]

Highrise building with stuff, more advanced than holt’s island. Staggered. Rise from lowest to highest, edge to centre respectively. Structural, feudal. No markets. No consumer based habits. Functions as a society.

Small farms on the outskirts of town. 

Herbs n exotic fruits.

Inside, clean and laid out, full functioning city, without the leisure stuff.

All crews, lead by their leaders. The slightly more intelligent looking ones wear hats. The Aristocrats seem to have the most intact mind. They are carried in carriages pulled by zombies.

There are a lot of zombie crews in the Industrial part of the town. They are hard at work utting together pre constructed prefabs of buildings. For construction and maintenance. The worker zombies wear whatever they were buried in. Soldier zombies wear uniforms. No undead Animals?

The main tower is made from black metal. The structure looks like a tall rectangle. There are a few small french style balconies, narrow and without room for furniture. Just for leaning. Main entrance is massive 2 metal doors. 

[[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] goes down the secret entrance. The entrances leads underground. The walls and staircases are made from  metal. [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] smells Ink. Tings with metallic thumps. With every step. End of the stairs. Reach a very clinical n clean metal corridor. There is one door at the end of the corridor.  There is a sign that says sublevel 8.
The door opens out into a massive, gigantic hangar space. There is a big platform. from the platform [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] sees a giant army of 10 000 zombies in formation, rank and file. Rigid. Nothing moving. The smell of ink is everywhere. The zombies are facing to the left. The door. Ppl talking inside, muffled. Signage, Maintenance.

Door 7 is a hanger, door 5 staircase down. Down to level 10. 9 typewriters. Steel corridor, at the end more zombies.

Next 10 levels all have zombies, Totalling 100k zombies.

Level 11, they find massive ink production level.

Bunch of zombies stirring inks. Runes at the inkvats to keep the ink wet in stuff? There were also Zombies reading a book. But [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] did not do anything.

A ‘hidden’ metal door, metal staircase leading further down. Down down. Finally stopped being metal, starting with stone. Ancient dungeon vibe. Torches n stuff. No guards. [[Worlds/Dard\|Dard]] in far corner of the room and shackled to the wall. Just [[Worlds/Dard\|Dard]] there. Shackles, seems aged and worn. Unlock the shackles. Didn’t cast the illusion spell. Old static sounds. Old voice laughing.

Foolish scum. You have fallen for my trap.

Familiar voice telling him to cut it short. Voice of priests under [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Father Flows\|Father Flows]]. Religious knight [[Worlds/Kathor/NPCs/Thomas Wake\|Thomas Wake]] is here. 

The trap is sprung and 5 steel barriers jump up to block the exit, each barrier is 5 inches thick. [[Worlds/PCs/Mercy\|Mercy]] found the crew in level 65. Each of them were being tortured. All of them have 1 wound. 

### **Session 16** *11/11/23*
 Cancel

### **Session 17** *18/11/23*

**Session 18** *25/11/23*
**Session 19** *02/12/23*
**Session 20** *09/12/23*
**Session 21** *16/12/23*
**Session 22** *23/12/23*
**Session 23** *30/12/23*
**Session 24** *06/01/24*
**Session 25** *13/01/24*
**Session 26** *20/01/24*
**Session 27** *27/01/24*
**Session 28** *03/02/24*
**Session 29** *10/02/24*
**Session 30** *17/02/24*
**Session 31** *24/02/24*
**Session 32** *02/03/24*
**Session 33** *09/03/24*
**Session 34** *16/03/24*
**Session 35** *23/03/24*
**Session 36** *30/03/24*
**Session 37** *06/04/24*
**Session 38** *13/04/24*
**Session 39** *20/04/24*
**Session 40** *27/04/24*
**Session 41** *04/05/24*
**Session 42** *11/05/24*
**Session 43** *18/05/24*
**Session 44** *25/05/24*
**Session 45** *01/06/24*
**Session 46** *08/06/24*
**Session 47** *15/06/24*
**Session 48** *22/06/24*
**Session 49** *29/06/24*
**Session 50** *06/07/24*
**Session 51** *13/07/24*
**Session 52** *20/07/24*
**Session 53** *27/07/24*
**Session 54** *03/08/24*
**Session 55** *10/08/24*
**Session 56** *17/08/24*
**Session 57** *24/08/24*
**Session 58** *31/08/24*
**Session 59** *07/09/24*
**Session 60** *14/09/24*
**Session 61** *21/07/24*
**Session 62** *28/07/24*
**Session 63** *05/10/24*
**Session 64** *12/10/24*
**Session 65** *19/10/24*
**Session 66** *26/10/24*
**Session 67** *02/11/24*
**Session 68** *09/11/24*
**Session 69** *16/11/24*
**Session 70** *23/11/24*
**Session 71** *30/11/24*
**Session 72** *07/12/24*
**Session 73** *14/12/24*
**Session 74** *21/12/24*
**Session 75** *28/12/24
**Session 76** *04/01/25*
**Session 77** *11/01/25*
**Session 78** *18/01/25*
**Session 79** *25/01/25*
**Session 80** *01/02/25*
**Session 81** *08/02/25*
**Session 82** *15/02/25*
**Session 83** *22/02/25*
**Session 84** *01/03/25*
**Session 85** *08/03/25*
**Session 86** *15/03/25*
**Session 87** *22/03/25*
**Session 88** *29/03/25*
**Session 89** *05/04/25*
**Session 90** *12/04/25*
**Session 91** *19/04/25*
**Session 92** *26/04/25*
**Session 93** *03/05/25*
**Session 94** *10/05/25*
**Session 95** *17/05/25*
**Session 96** *24/05/25*
**Session 97** *31/05/25*
**Session 98** *07/06/25*
**Session 99** *14/06/25*
**Session 100** *21/06/25*