---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/root/worlds/barovia/factions/vistani/","tags":["Barovia"]}
---

### VISTANI 
The [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] (singular: Vistana) are wanderers who live outside civilization, traveling about in horse-drawn, barrel-topped wagons called vardos, which they build themselves. Compared to Barovians, they are flamboyant. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] dress in bright clothes, laugh often, arid drink heartily. As much as they feel at home-in [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]'s dreary land, they know they can leave it whenever they please and aren't damned to spend eternity there. 
[[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] are silversmiths, coppersmiths, haberdashers, cooks, weavers, musicians, entertainers, storytellers, toolmakers, and horse traders. They also earn money by telling fortunes and selling information. They spend whatever they earn to support a lavish lifestyle, display their wealth openly  as a sign of prosperity, and share their good fortune with family and friends. 
Each family or clan of [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] is its own little gerontocracy, with the oldest member ruling the roost. This elder. carries the bulk of the responsibility for enforcing traditions, settling disputes, setting the course for the group's travels, and preserving the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] way of life. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] elders make all the important decisions, but whether by choice or because of their age, tend to speak in cryptic, flowing riddles. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] families and clans are closely knit. They resolve disagreements through contests that end with reconciliatory singing, dancing, and storytelling. Although they can seem lazy and irresponsible to outsiders, the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] are serious people, quick to act when their lives or traditions are threatened. They are merciless when they believe they must be. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] who knowingly bring harm or misfortune to others of their kind are banished-the worst punishment a Vistana can imagine, even worse than death. 

#### STRAHD'S VISTANI SERVANTS 
During one of [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]'s military campaigns, years before he became a vampire, a group of [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] rescued him after he was wounded in battle. These [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] not only nursed [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] back to health but also delivered him safely home. As a reward for their generosity, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] declared that all [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] had the right to come and go from his land as they please, and this privilege extends to the present day. Thus, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] can travel freely through the fog that surrounds Barovia, without fear of harm or entrapment. 
[[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] honours his debt to the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] in part because he envies the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] way of life-the freedom they have to go where they please, their devotion to family, and their festive spirit. The courtesy he shows them is not simply a matter of honour but is also born from his admiration of them. In the centuries since [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] became a vampire, many [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] have allowed themselves to be corrupted by [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]], to the extent that they consider him their king. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] who serve [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] are less lively and friendly than normal [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]], and their hearts are poisoned with dark intentions. 
[[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] uses them to lure adventurers into his domain and keep him informed about the events occurring in lands beyond his reach. These [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] will lie to protect the vampire, and they fear the consequences of disobeying him. When it comes to sharing information about their dark master, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]'s [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] pretend to be helpful, but the information they impart is misleading at best and often deceptive. They readily tell adventurers that they have a potion that protects them from the deadly fog that surrounds Barovia. Although this is a lie, they attempt to sell their fake potion for as much money as they can get. 

##### VISTANI LORE 
[[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] know or believe certain facts about their people and their surroundings. This common lore is summarized here. Characters can learn this information after earning a Vistana's trust. 

###### STRAHD VON ZAROVICH 
About [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]], the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] believe the following: 
- [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] comes from a royal bloodline. He died centuries ago yet endures as one of the undead, feasting on the blood of the living. Barovians refer to him as "the devil [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]." 
- [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] has taken many consorts, but he has known only one true love: a Barovian peasant girl named [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Tatyana Ivanova\|Tatyana]]. (The [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] don't know what happened to her.) 
- [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] named his castle, Ravenloft, after his beloved mother, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Queen Ravenovia\|Queen Ravenovia]]. Strangers aren't welcome at the castle without an invitation. 

###### LAND OF BAROVIA 
[[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] know the following facts about [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Barovia\|Barovia]] and Barovians: 
- [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] conquered this land centuries ago and named it after his father, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/King Barov\|King Barov]]. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] uses wolves, bats, and other creatures to spy on all of his realm. 
- Barovians are simple, frightened people. Some have old souls, but many do not. The soulless ones are easy to spot, for they know nothing but fear. They have no charm, hope, or spark, and they don't cry. 
- The Old Svalich Road passes through [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]'s domain. Three settlements lie on the road like beads on a string: [[Krezk 1\|Krezk 1]] to the west, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Vallaki\|Vallaki]] in the heart of the valley, and [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Barovia\|Barovia]] to the east. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]] has spies in each settlement. 
- There's an old windmill on the road between the village of Barovia and the town of [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Vallaki\|Vallaki]]. It should be avoided at all costs! (The [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] refuse to say more.) 
- It is wise to stick to the road. Wild druids, wayward ghosts, and packs of wolves and werewolves haunt the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Svalich Woods\|Svalich Woods]].

##### BELIEFS AND SUPERSTITIONS 
The [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] have deep-rooted beliefs and superstitions that they pass down from one generation to the next: 
- The souls of those who die in [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Locations/Barovia\|Barovia]] can't escape to the afterlife. They are prisoners in [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Strahd von Zarovich\|Strahd]]'s domain. 
- Some [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] women are blessed with prescience. Of all the great [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] fortune-tellers, none compares to [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Madam Eva\|Madam Eva]]. If knowledge of the future is what you seek, [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/NPCs/Madam Eva\|Madam Eva]] will tell you your fate. 
- A prescient Vistana can't see her own future or the future of another Vistana. It is the burden of the Vistani's great gift that their own fates can't be divined. 
- [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] curses are potent, but they are invoked with great caution. [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] know that to curse one who is undeserving of such punishment can have grave consequences for the one who utters such a curse. 
- Ravens carry lost souls within them, so killing one is bad luck. (The ravens don't carry souls within.) 

###### VISTANI CURSES 
A Vistana, regardless of age, can use an action to utter a curse. The curse targets another creature within 30 feet that the Vistana can see. The Vistana can't utter another such curse before finishing a long rest. 
The curse is a repayment for an injustice or a slight. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw to avoid the curse. The saving throw DC is 8 + the Vistana's proficiency bonus+ the Vistana's Charisma modifier. The curse lasts until ended with a remove curse spell, a greater restoration $pell, or similar magic. It doesn't end when the target dies. If a cursed target is returned to life, the curse remains in effect. 
When the curse ends, the Vistana suffers a harmful psychic backlash. The amount of this psychic damage depends on the severity of the curse that was invoked. The Vistana chooses the curse's effect from the options that follow; other Vistani curses are possible. All such effects deal psychic damage to the Vistani who uttered them when they end: 
- The target is unable to perform a certain kind of act involving fine motor control, such as tying knots, writing, playing an instrument, sewing, or casting spells that have somatic components. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes 1d6 psychic damage. 
- The target's appearance changes in a sinister yet purely cosmetic way. For example, the curse can place a scar on the target's face, turn the target's teeth into yellow fangs, or give the target bad breath. When this curse ends, the Vistana it takes ld6 psychic damage. 
- A nonmagical item in the target's possession (chosen by the DM) disappears and can't be found until the curse ends. The lost item can weigh no more than 1 pound. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes ld6 psychic damage. 
- The target gains vulnerability to a damage type of the Vistana's choice. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes 3d6 psychic damage. 
- The target has disadvantage on ability checks and saving throws tied to one ability score of the Vistana's choice. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes 3d6 psychic damage. 
- The target's attunement to one magic item (chosen by the DM) ends, and the target can't attune to the chosen item until the curse ends. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes 5d6 psychic damage. 
- The target is blinded, deafened, or both. When this curse ends, the Vistana takes 5d6 psychic damage. 

###### EVIL EYE 
As an action, a Vistana can target a creature within 10 feet that the Vistana can see. This magical ability, which the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] call the Evil Eye, duplicates the duration and effect of the animal friendship, charm person, or hold person spell (Vistana's choice), but requires neither somatic nor material components. The spell save DC is 8 + the caster's proficiency bonus+ the caster's Charisma modifier. If the target succeeds on the save, the Vistana is blinded until the end of the Vistana's next turn. A Vistana who uses Evil Eye can't use it again before finishing a short or long rest. Once a target succeeds on a saving throw against a Vistana's Evil Eye, it is immune to the Evil Eye of all Vistani for 24 hours.

### VISTANI BANDITS 
You catch a whiff of pipe smoke in the cold air and hear laughter through the fog. These evil [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] march through the Barovian wilderness without concern for their wellbeing, smoking pipes, drinking from wineskins telling ghost stories. They are searching for graves to plunder or hunting  small game. For a price of 100 gp.  As long as , these [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] are with the party, roll a 1d12 instead of a d12 + d8 when determining random encounters in the wilderness. In addition, wolves and dire wolves don't threaten the characters as long the [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] are traveling with them and aren't their prisoners.
Treasure - One [[Root/Worlds/Barovia/Factions/Vistani\|Vistani]] bandit carries a pouch that holds 2d4 small gemstones.
# **Player-Based Notes**

-   Friendly folk who travel about in covered wagons and usually keep to themselves.

