---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/worlds/faerun/locations/gauntlgrym/"}
---


(Source: *Storm King’s Thunder,* Pages 85-86)

As you can expect, the [[Drow\|Drow]] are acting independently from any Giant Group. Previously in *Out of the Abyss*, I had [[Menzoberranzan\|Menzoberranzan]] resemble Post-Katrina New Orleans after the Demons had their way with it. (If it weren’t for the party, the surface area above the City of Spiders would be considerably different, because the damage the demons would’ve made would’ve collapsed the whole city.) Naturally, every [[Drow\|Drow]] House have their own way to rebuild, and if I remember right, the [[Drow\|Drow]] down there are intrinsically unable to cooperate with each other, be it individually or as whole Houses. Suck is the case for [[Worlds/Faerun/Factions/House Xorlarrin\|House Xorlarrin]]), mentioned in *Storm King's Thunder* and used in this setting.

According to cannon, [[Worlds/Faerun/Factions/House Xorlarrin\|House Xorlarrin]] has settled into [[Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Q'Xorlarrin\|Q'Xorlarrin]], an formerly abandoned dwarven city under Gauntlgrym. Knowing that they wouldn't want to share the forge with a [[Dwarf\|dwarf]] like Bruneor Facking Battlehammer (or for that matter, dealing with Drizzt (Facking) Do'urdren), and they know by now how difficult Dwarves can be to enslave (no doubt at least one Mind Flayer told them about it). If I were [[Worlds/Faerun/NPCs/Zeerith Q'Xorlarrin\|Zeerith Q'Xorlarrin]], I would consider moving to another place to make a forge to forge a way to rebuild [[Menzoberranzan\|Menzoberranzan]], usurping House Baenre in the process. [[Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Ironslag\|Ironslag]], post-*Storm King's Thunder*, is a better location, but even with the volcanic fire source there, they might need something with a bigger kick: Magera.

The party will arrive in the upper entrances of Gauntlgrym--I'll have Brenor excavate and build a gate from the surface to Gauntlgrym proper--in disarray: Nobody knows exactly *how* that happened, but the [[Dawn Titan\|Dawn Titan]] has been kidnapped, taken from his resting place, and signs of “Accursed [[Drow\|Drow]]…no offense, Drizzt,” have been found.

The party will run into Draac Xorlarrin's party with [[Campaign Resources/Equipment/Items/Magic Items/Iron Flask\|Iron Flask]] in hand, and the encounter will ensue. I might supercharge Draac with combining Mystic (I thought that [[Worlds/Faerun/Factions/House Xorlarrin\|House Xorlarrin]] would be heavy into psionics, and I wanted to dabble with the most recent Unearthed Arcana anyway. Link: <http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/unearthed-arcana/mystic-class>) with [[Mage\|Mage]], making him a high-ranking member of the house. (Or create another character, a female to show a high rank in the House.) Check that, I'll make a new Mystic [[Drow\|Drow]] guiding Draac and company, who takes the [[Campaign Resources/Equipment/Items/Magic Items/Iron Flask\|Iron Flask]] away no matter how the encounter ends up. A little more investigation will lead to [[Worlds/Faerun/Locations/Ironslag\|Ironslag]], where the party is told to go there and bring back that Titan!
